Add descriptions on resetting packet number  when a new CID is used (#189)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

packet number is not a unique identifier anymore. This requires changes to
the ACK frame as well as packet protection as described in the following subsections.

When multipath is negotiated,

> each destination connection ID is linked to a separate packet number space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each Destination Connection ID is linked to a separate packet number space.
```

> When an existing path switches to a new CID or a new CID is used to open a new path,
> the largest packet number (largest_acked) that has been acknowledged by the
> peer in this new CID's packet number space SHOULD be reset to "None"
> for packet number encodings, as specified in ({{Section A.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).

Reviewer: I think discussing the notion of path here adds confusion. Packet number spaces are directly related to the CIDs. Maybe this would be clearer?
```suggestion
Each CID-specific packet number space starts at packet number 0. When following
the packet number encoding algorithm described in {{Section A.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}},
the largest packet number (largest_acked) that has been acknowledged by the
peer in this new CID's packet number space is initially set to "None".
```

Reviewer 2: +1 @qdeconinck . The word "reset" in the original PR suggests that the number space is "per path". It is not. It is per CID.

Reviewer 3: Yes, "reset" would be problematic as you still need to keep state also for any packet that you may receive with the old CID.

How does changing the CID on the same path actually impact loss detection? Do we also need to say something about that?

Reviewer: @mirjak For the changing CID, I suggest to adapt the text in #172 (basically, if you change the CID on a path, you can keep your path's congestion control state and RTT measurements).

Author: Yeah, my bad. The word "reset" has problems. I will adopt Quentin's suggestions.
